good morning welcome to an insect
Armenian on behalf of the builder camú
and from pedro gómez company we give you a
warmly welcome to make a breakthrough
work to our project which is being
realizing on the Bolivar avenue of
the city of armenta here where we are
located we will have the large window
pedestrian access
and to my left we will have a great
green wall of all its height of 8 meters
that gives us a very beautiful front facade
Welcome
and we are on the first floor of the center
commercial
when you enter you will find a
beautiful water fountain with some
flower beds inside her with her mirror
of water
in the background we have the staircase and the
panoramic elevator which will be the
first in colombia that is totally in
glass the elevator and the bottom
first floor we are going to cut the first
warehouse anchors the shopping center that
will be the successful warehouse with a warehouse of
more than 4300 square meters that
we look forward to your enjoyment
the corridor has two other mirrors
of water where inside are some
beautiful palm trees that go to the height
up the legs
we are located at the point any
It is the center where
three good escalators is the
first level to the bottom we have the access
to the warehouse anchors the second access
up we can see the cover
called by us covered in 7
the one that has a place does not contain
post with cat especially
informed for this project we are in
the third level of the shopping center
unicentro until here comes to our
panoramic elevator and on this level
we have three local holy to my fund
we have the local theaters of the brand
cinemark six movie theaters of the
which one of them is a room xd for
special effects to my left
We have the children's playground
the gamebox brand and on my right a local
for casino for adult fun
we are here in the mold food of
Armenian unicentro shopping center the
which will have 12 prestigious brands
restaurants for enjoyment
the mold meals will have a crib
ceiling in wii already worthy of the region
in the background we have our balcony so that
can you have a beautiful view
of the city and the landscape of Quindío
Colombian
we are here on the facade of the center
of the Bolivar Avenue and the
street fourth time for this fourth street
once the vehicle entry and exit on
the bolivar avenue we are going to have the
pedestrian entrance to my back we have a
wall that is going to be a green wall with
ornamental plants of the sector
in a beauty to the facade of the center
commercial
I must remind you that the inauguration is
for September 14 at six o'clock
and a quarter of the afternoon a moment in the
which we wait for you to know and
enjoy the unicentro carmen
builder since 1985
building trust www construction
dotcom